fix(vite-plugin): set `rollupOptions.platform: "neutral"` on rolldown-vite (#9891)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/stupid-coats-send.md

---
"@cloudflare/vite-plugin": patch
---

> set `build.rollupOptions.platform: "neutral"` on rolldown-vite to prevent Rolldown's `node:module` based `require` polyfill to break build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set `build.rollupOptions.platform: "neutral"` on rolldown-vite to prevent Rolldown's `node:module` based `require` polyfill from breaking the build.
```
